# ABET Constraint Essay

**Economic:**
For my project, there still exists some financial limitations to the solutions. All of the development tools required to implement the application are completed free and provided on the Internet, such as the Tensorflow framework supplied by Google. Other libraries and IDE tools are free to use as well including some of the machine learning libraries in Python like Keras, Numpy, Pandas, and XCode for iOS development. The datasets for our network models are entirely imported from the free stock APIs provided by Google Finance at no cost. However, if I want to distribute my application to the app store for the mass amount of users to download and use it, I would need to spend $99.00 USD for the Apple Developer Account. In that case, the account would be personally funded by me. My solution could potentially contribute to economic development if the predicted results prove to be correct and profitable.

**Professional:**
This stock prediction project will have a profound impact on my software engineering career, especially in the fields of machine learning. It will help further my interests in using technology for businesses, finances and even help me pursue the data scientist and machine learning engineer in the future. In order to implement this neural network model, I will need to study deep into the fundamentals of machine learning and mobile application development. Expertise in theoretical machine learning concepts and recurrent neural networks are especially compulsory to build the models and analyze the datasets. This project will require me to apply all of my past internships experience, computer science knowledge and skills acquired in the past four years. This project can also serves as my personal project to include in my resume for finding careers in software development.

**Social:**
My project, if successful, can be widely distributed to everyone who has a smartphone to start investing in stocks and learn more about the finance industry. It will definitely have a big impact on society and bring in profits for whoever uses it correctly. It would also raise everyone's awareness about the stock market and its behavior in general and understand the power of machine learning algorithm. It can also be used for public stock trading services as well or non-profit agency who are interested in researching and understanding more about the stock market and its fluctuations. The influence and effective it might have is that it can generate more attentions and desire to learn more about the finance industry and stock trading from people of all profession, which will in turn affect their lives in some way.
**Legal:**
As far as I am concerned, my project should not have any legal issues or constraints that might affect the users or me personally. All the stock prices the application collects to form the dataset are all available for free on the Internet and taken from the Google Finance API which is validated and correct. There might be plenty of similar apps to mine on the App Store but I can assure that all the code will be written by myself to ensure that there are no copyright infringements or intellectual theft occurring, such as stealing codes and data from other sources. When distributing the iOS prototype to people to test it, I will make sure that it is completely legal and does not violate any legal issues and properties.
